If you're gonna try to lead honorably, you have to remember what uniform
you're wearing. You have to think about all the people that I warned
it before. And you have to make sure that you're not going toe ruin
that name. The good name of the Navy. The good name of the military,
the good name of America. Especially if you're overseas. Um, I'm
not going to say that This is always so easy to do. I've been in ports
where Hey, New Americans air here, and you've been underway for
two months, right on Lee on the ocean as far as I can see, And you
get, uh, toe land. And some of those values actually are diminished
because you're in this new and exciting environment. But you have to
keep in mind. Hey, you know what? I'm an American representative. If
you're on domestic soil. Hey, you know what? I'm a military representative.
And if you're in your unit hey, you know what? Like I'm an
electrician's and they have to know that my chief and my leadership
and the people around me take care of me. And they told me the right
things to do. They instill me with honor, courage and commitment,
and I have to make sure that wherever I'm at, um, that that's what's
expected of me, and you have to live to fulfill it.